# Metadata

The top level of your `metadata` folder should contain one document: 
the Metadata Guide.

The `metadata` folder should also contain one sub-folder: the `
supplements` folder.

## Metadata Guide

The Metadata Guide is a document that provides information about each 
of your original data files. For every file in your `original-data` 
folder, the information in the Metadata Guide should include:

1. A bibliographic citation of the original data file in whatever 
editorial style (e.g., APA or Chicago) you have chosen to follow 
throughout your paper.
1. The date you downloaded, or obtained in some other way, the original 
data file.
1. Any unique identifiers, such as a Digital Object Identifier (DOI) or 
Universal Numeric Fingerprint (UNF), that have been assigned to the 
original data file.
1. A verbal explanation of how an interested reader can obtain a copy 
of the original data file.In many cases, this explanation will give the 
URL of a website from which the data can be accessed, along with 
instructions for downloading a file identical to the original data file 
you obtained from that site.In all cases, this explanation should be 
complete and precise enough to allow an independent researcher to 
locate and obtain the data file without any additional information or 
assistance.
1. Whatever additional information an independent researcher would need 
to understand and use the data in the original data file.The particular 
information required can vary a great deal depending on the nature of 
the original data file in question, and deciding what additional 
information to provide therefore requires thoughtful consideration and 
judgment.In many cases, the relevant information is similar to what is 
found in a codebook or users' guide for a dataset: variable names and 
definitions, coding schemes and units of measurement, and details of 
the sampling method and weight variables.In some cases, it is also 
necessary to include information about the file structure (e.g., the 
delimiters used to separate variables, or, in rectangular files without 
delimiters, the columns in which the variables are stored).Any other 
unique or idiosyncratic aspects of the data that an independent user of 
the data would need to understand should be explained as well.

If you used data from more than one original data file, the Metadata 
Guide should be comprised of multiple sections, with one section 
providing this information for each of your original data files.

The information specified in items (i)-(iv) should be presented in text 
that you write yourself.

The additional information described in (v) may also be presented in 
text that you write yourself.In some cases, however, some or all of the 
relevant additional information can be found in existing supplementary 
documents, such as usersâ€™ guides and codebooks that accompany the 
original data file. When relevant additional information is available 
in supplementary documents, it is not necessary to include this 
information in the text of theMetadata Guide. Instead, you may simply 
include copies of the documents that contain the relevant information 
in the documentation of your paper.These supplementary documents should 
be stored in the `supplements` folder.

For every document you include in the `supplements` folder, there 
should be comments in the Metadata Guide that

1. identify the document.
1. cite the source from which it was obtained.
1. indicate which of your original data files it pertains to.
1. state what relevant information it contains.

The Metadata Guide should be a Markdown document so that it can be 
rendered properly on GitHub, and any changes can be tracked. It should 
be named `metadata_guide.md`. This file should be stored in the 
`metadata` folder.